C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\bin\Debug\tetio.dll
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\bin\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.exe
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\bin\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.pdb
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\bin\Debug\Tobii.EyeTracking.IO.dll
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\BasicEyetrackingSample.CalibrationForm.resources
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\BasicEyetrackingSample.CalibrationResultForm.resources
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\BasicEyetrackingSample.CalibrationResultPanel.resources
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\BasicEyetrackingSample.FrameRateDialog.resources
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\BasicEyetrackingSample.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\BasicEyetrackingSample.TrackStatusControl.resources
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.exe
C:\Users\markome.FE-LDOS\Documents\projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.pdb
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.exe
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.pdb
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\bin\Debug\tetio.dll
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\bin\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.exe
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\bin\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.pdb
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\bin\Debug\Tobii.EyeTracking.IO.dll
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\BasicEyetrackingSample.CalibrationForm.resources
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\BasicEyetrackingSample.CalibrationResultForm.resources
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\BasicEyetrackingSample.CalibrationResultPanel.resources
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\BasicEyetrackingSample.FrameRateDialog.resources
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\BasicEyetrackingSample.MainForm.resources
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\BasicEyetrackingSample.TrackStatusControl.resources
d:\markome\Documents\Projekti\SocialSignal\Work\Tobii eye tracker\dotNET\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder\obj\Debug\LucamiTobiiLoggerForwarder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
